Inspect updates, including new article for C# (#157)
ShiftLeftSecurity/documentation: using-inspect-protect/inspect/analyze-csharp.md

> # Analyzing C# Applications using ShiftLeft Inspect

Reviewer: I believe, for C# we also recommend running `dotnet restore` or `msbuild restore` before running `sl analyze`. Would be good to check with @ltcmelo about what needs to happen before running `sl analyze`, for C#.

Reviewer 2: Yes @vlad-alexandru-ionescu , I aligned with @NWeber-SL. For .NET **Core**, we require `dotnet restore`; for .NET **Framework**, we require `nuget restore` (note that it's not "msbuild restore").

Author: Information added

Use the [ShiftLeft CLI](../using-cli/cli-reference.md) command 

```

> sl analyze --app <name> --cpg --csharp <target platform> --csharp2cpg-args “-l trace --trace-all” [<path>]

Reviewer: Some comments:

* `--cpg` is actually implied - so it's not necessary. We don't support non-cpg mode anyway.
* `--csharp2cpg-args “-l trace --trace-all”` are only necessary for debugging, not for regular use (also note that those are stylized double-quotes which do not work in a terminal)
* Instead of `<target platform>` we should say `[--dotnet-core|--dotnet-framework]`. Otherwise user might think it's an argument, but it's actually a flag.

Author: Fixed. I'll put the info on --csharp2cpg-args -l trace --trace-all in the Analyze options article

Reviewer: Let's leave that as undocumented feature. These are internal flags - we would make them nicer-looking if we want them surfaced in the future.

```
  
to build the CPG locally and then upload the CPG to the ShiftLeft cloud for analysis. 
  
where 

`--app <name>` analyze the application of `<name>`. This allows different analysis requests (for different versions of the same application) to be returned and displayed in the [ShiftLeft Dashboard](../using-dashboard/vulnerability-dashboard.md).

`--cpg` use [CPG mode](analyzing-applications.md#cpg-mode).

`--csharp` identity of the application's language.

`<target platform>` either `--dotnet-core` or `--dotnet-framework`.

> `<path>` location of the artifact to be analyzed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<path>` location of a `.csproj` or `.sln` file to be analyzed.
```

Author: Done
